this document is here for You!
in order to write the code we need some direction , this is a math problem after all ! 
i cant tell you why you would like to learn this beside the pure  theorical and mathematic curosity.
-----------------------------------------------
things to know :
Cartesian Product of Sets:
The Cartesian product of two sets, denoted by A × B, is the collection of all possible ordered pairs (a, b) such that the first element a belongs to set A and the second element b belongs to set B. It is written in set builder form as:
A × B = {(a, b) : a ∈ A and b ∈ B}


--------------------------------------------
Truth Table
Last Updated : 23 Jul, 2025
A Truth Table is a table that lists all the possible combinations of inputs and their corresponding outputs. 
It shows how the output of logic circuits changes with different combinations of logic levels at the input. 
It is mostly associated with Boolean algebra or areas where Boolean logic is used. 
It is a branch of algebra where there are only two values possible true and false.

--
AND & NAND Operation
AND gate is one of the basic operations of Boolean algebra that gives an output is 1 when all inputs are 1 otherwise the output is 0.
 The operation between two inputs will be A.B which is read as A AND B.

The NAND (NOT AND) is also a binary operator that is used as a universal logic gate and can be used to implement other gates.
 If at least one of the inputs is 0 the output is 1 else the output is 0.
 The operation between two operands will be A ⊼ B which is read as A NAND B.

--
OR and NOR Operation
OR gate is also a basic operation of Boolean algebra that gives an output is 1 when at least one input is 1 otherwise the output is 0.o 0.
 The operation between two inputs will be A + B or A ∨ B which is read as A OR B.

The NOR (NOT OR) is also a binary operator that gives output 1 when both the inputs are 0 else output is 1. 
The operation between two operands will be A ⊽ B which is read as A NOR B.
--
XOR Operator
The XOR (Exclusive or) is another binary operator that gives output 1 when all the inputs are different else the output is 0. 
The operation between two operands will be A⊕B which is read as A XOR B.
---------------------------------




*in the pressence of lists like [a , b ] and tuples (True,False) we use zip() , but zip does not know anything so order matters *
* we use product() so we can have all the possible combinations*